DATE: 17-08-2022

ATTENDEES:
Daniel Blain            (DB)
Christopher Byrnes      (CB)
Gonzalo Molina          (GM)
Mengjiao Wei            (MW)

---MINUTES---
CB: should we get started on a class diagram? based on our domain model
MW: sure
CB: we can use PlantUML again, and create a docs branch from dev to put our documentation updates
CB: one design decision - a parent user class, or we could have a single user class with a variable incicating their role
DB: probably better to do the first since they have basically no overlap outside of authorisation
CB: those kinds of methods might not be in the user classes though, they might be on the other classes and accessed by user
GM: what's in the account details then
MW: user name, email, password
GM: so address etc., where is that stored?
MW: in checkout details object
MW: would admin have a username?
CB: it would probably just be 'admin'
MW: we can have the Listing as a parent object, extended by Fixed Price and Auction
(Gonzalo needed to leave the meeting at this point)
CB: should we keep checkout details separate, or put into Order?
MW: that would mean asking for checkout details every time yeah?
CB: we can have separate checkout details which the order references
DB: what if a user puts checkout details in one order, but then edits the details for a second order? what happens to the details on the first?
MW: what if we store checkout details elsewhere, but have the option to use custom details instead per order?
CB: I'm also trying to think how this could affect e.g. Lazy Loading
MW: we could just create a new checkout details instance when we update the details?
CB: yeah, we can just check if the details are the same as one already created or if they're new and create a new object and reference it
CB: should we have references to Listings stored as an array in the User class, or store the User reference in the Listing class?
MW: I think the latter
CB: we'd need an array of Users in the Listing since there can be multiple sellers
DB: could we have both options?
CB: there will probably be fewer Users per Listing than vice versa
